Migrate Sidebar Navigation components to docs-ui package (#1415)
seek-oss/braid-design-system: .changeset/hungry-rockets-design.md

---
'@braid-design-system/docs-ui': minor
---

> Add `SideNavigationGroup` component used to create groups of links in the Sidebar.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Add `SideNavigationSection` component used to create groups of links in the side bar.
```
